hustle hustle we're late alright oh hi
alright bye hi dad I thought maybe
dinner for three
thank you for four hey Rosie am i doing
anything right you're handsomer than the
other dads
what does them don't have hair so that's
good attempt to start up I shall try to
start over son life joy I salute you and
the great times we had together and I
quit this is exactly what we've been
looking for this is the complicated
what's so complicated about this place
it's the zoo I'm gonna live here
baby
welcome to your zoo this is what you
it's not what I want but the risk is
stating the obvious you're insane
sellers say you don't even need any
special knowledge to run a zoo what you
need is a lot of heart you are gonna
love your new enclosure
we need somebody who can take charge of
this place where else we and all these
animals are gone I'm trying to give the
kids an authentic American experience
stop before zebras get involved there's
two zebras there's a lion there's 47
animal species he'll never last if you
stick with me I will give this
everything well that's good enough for
me I think you're incredibly pretty
please don't take offense if I don't hit
on you be offended if you did thank you
I think I like the animals but I love
the humans all you need is 20 seconds of
insane courage
and I promising something great will
come of it
keep coming